Gone trough the full Walktrough page. Added missing components (#1074)
btcpayserver/btcpayserver-doc: docs/Walkthrough.md

![BTCPay Server Navigation](./img/walktrough/welcome-store.jpg "BTCPay Server Navigation")

All the settings in the left menu are meant for the Current Store you selected at the top. 

![BTCPay Server Navigation](./img/walktrough/selected-store.jpg "BTCPay Server Navigation")

* [Notifications](Walkthrough.md#notifications)
* Dashboard 
* [Settings](Walkthrough.md#store) **store settings** 
* [Wallets](Walkthrough.md#wallets)
    * Bitcoin
    * Lightning
* [Payments](Walkthrough.md#payments)
    * Invoices
    * Requests
    * Pull Payments
    * Payouts
    * Pay Button
* [Apps](Walkthrough.md#apps) 
  + New App
* [Plugins](Walkthrough.md#plugins) 
  + Manage Plugins
* [Server Settings](Walkthrough.md#server-settings)
* [Account](Walkthrough.md#account)

## Store

Inside BTCPay, you can **create and manage an unlimited number of stores**. Each store has its own wallet, can create apps (Point of Sale or Payment Buttons and Crowdfunds) or be paired with external e-commerce software through one of the integrations available. Admin does not have control over the private keys of the other user's stores. For more information, check [Stores FAQ](./FAQ/Stores.md)

> - Store settings - Configure individual store settings, set up a wallet and customize the payment experience for your customers. Server admins can enable Lightning Network payments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Store settings - Configure global payment settings and customize the payment experience for your customers. 
```

- Checkout experience - [Customize the appearance](./FAQ/ServerSettings.md#how-to-modify-the-checkout-page) of the checkout page, choose default coin, etc.
- Access Tokens - Tokens for [pairing the store to an integration](./WhatsNext.md#connecting-your-btcpay-store-to-your-e-commerce-platform)
- Users - Enable other users with a registered BTCPay account to access your store as either guest or owner.
- Pay Button - [Create a payment button](./WhatsNext.md#creating-the-pay-button) you can easily embed into your website.

## Notifications

Notifications inform the user that **an event has occurred on the BTCPay Server instance**.
Such event could be a received or failed payment, an overpaid or underpaid invoice, a new BTCPay version and more.

By clicking on the icon, you can access the `Notifications` page, where you can view past notifications and optionally delete them.
Learn more about all BTCPay notifications [here](./Notifications.md).
 
## Dashboard

Right now, the dashboard only shows the primary tasks of setting up BTCPay Server, more to come in future releases.

## Wallets

### Bitcoin 

> Each store gets an internal wallet upon adding a derivation scheme. **Internal BTCPay wallet** shows all of your payments and should be used as a reference if some payments are not shown in your software or hardware wallet due to some wallets [not supporting larger gap limit](./FAQ/Wallet.md#missing-payments-in-my-software-or-hardware-wallet). In Wallets, you can see the total balance of your store. The funds from the wallet can only be spent, if the user signs a transaction with a compatible hardware wallet.

Reviewer: This paragraph wasn't technically correct, re-worded it to be correct.
```suggestion
Depending how many different payment methods you've setup, inside the wallets tab you'll see a wallet for each of the payment methods. Bitcoin on-chain wallet allows you to manage received funds. BTCPay's wallet is feature-rich and has privacy features built-in. Furthermore it has a full hardware wallet integration, so you can manage your funds with compatible hardware wallet directly from your BTCPay. Check [wallet page](Wallet.md) for more information.
```

Once completed, the Lightning wallet function becomes active.

Elements of this are : 
* Internal node settings 
* Public node info 
* Change your connection 

For more information, check [Wallet](./Wallet.md) or [Wallet FAQ](./FAQ/Wallet.md)

## Payments  

### Invoices

All of the **invoices** for your user account will be displayed here. You can filter the invoices by the status, order, item, store or date. You can also create invoices manually. Invoices are sorted by date from new to old. You can open an individual invoice for more information. Use the export button to save a file (.json or .csv).

For more information, check [Invoices](Invoices.md)

### Payment Requests

Each store can have an unlimited number of **payment requests** displayed here. Payment requests are dynamic invoices that can be shared by URL and paid at any time using current BTC exchange rates. Here you can edit and view your payment requests. You can see invoice details for your payment requests and clone previously created payment requests.

For more information, check [Payment Requests](PaymentRequests.md)

### Pull Payments

> The feature of Pull payments is one we see fit for options like 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The feature of [pull payments](PullPayments.md) is one we see fit for options like 
```

> A subscription service, Refunds, Time Based billing for freelancers, Patronage, or a Balance withdrawal service. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A subscription service, refunds, time-based billing for freelancers, patronage, or a a withdrawal service. 
```

For a detailed description of the concept, please visit the [Pull Payments](PullPayments.md)  

### Payouts

> The Payouts view gives an overview of the current Pull payments and their status. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `payouts` view gives an overview of the current pull payments and their status. 
```

If, for example, a refund has been issued and the claimant has accepted, this will show in Payouts. 
Here you will find the options to Approve and directly send the requested amount of the refund. 
When there are multiple instances of Pull payments, these can be selected and batched for sending out at once. 
In a future version, we expect this to have scheduling options. 

![BTCPay Server Navigation](./img/walktrough/walktrough-payouts1.jpg "BTCPay Server Navigation")

### Pay Button 

> You can easily embed the button into HTML. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can easily embed a donation or a payment button into an HTML of your website. 
```

# BTCPay Server Walkthrough

> This article will walk you through the **BTCPay user interface** and show you how to navigate the different options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page will walks you through the **BTCPay user interface** and shows you how to navigate through the different options.
```
```suggestion
This article will walk you through the **BTCPay user interface** and show you how to navigate the different options.
```

> Watch the video below for an interactive overview of the features.
> 
> [![BTCPay Server Walkthrough](https://img.youtube.com/vi/ZIfJyq9RimM/mqdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZIfJyq9RimM "BTCPay Server - WalkThrough")

Reviewer: Considering that this video is now completely outdated, it's probably a good idea to remove it entirely until we have a new one.
```suggestion
Watch the video below for an interactive overview of the features.

[![BTCPay Server Walkthrough](https://img.youtube.com/vi/ZIfJyq9RimM/mqdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZIfJyq9RimM "BTCPay Server - WalkThrough")
```
```suggestion
Watch the video below for an interactive overview of the features.

[![BTCPay Server Walkthrough](https://img.youtube.com/vi/ZIfJyq9RimM/mqdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZIfJyq9RimM "BTCPay Server - WalkThrough")
```

> Watch the video below for an interactive overview of the features.
> 
> [![BTCPay Server Walkthrough](https://img.youtube.com/vi/ZIfJyq9RimM/mqdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZIfJyq9RimM "BTCPay Server - WalkThrough")

Reviewer: Considering that this video is now completely outdated, it's probably a good idea to remove it entirely until we have a new one.
```suggestion
Watch the video below for an interactive overview of the features.

[![BTCPay Server Walkthrough](https://img.youtube.com/vi/ZIfJyq9RimM/mqdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZIfJyq9RimM "BTCPay Server - WalkThrough")
```
```suggestion
Watch the video below for an interactive overview of the features.

[![BTCPay Server Walkthrough](https://img.youtube.com/vi/ZIfJyq9RimM/mqdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZIfJyq9RimM "BTCPay Server - WalkThrough")
```

> After you've created an account on the BTCPay Server instance hosted by yourself or a third party, you'll be greeted by your store's new home or, as we like to call it, your Dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you've created an account on the BTCPay Server instance hosted by yourself or a third party, you'll be greeted by your store's new home or, as we call it, your `dashboard`.
```
```suggestion
After you've created an account on the BTCPay Server instance hosted by yourself or a third party, you'll be greeted by your store's new home or, as we like to call it, your Dashboard.
```

> After you've created an account on the BTCPay Server instance hosted by yourself or a third party, you'll be greeted by your store's new home or, as we like to call it, your Dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you've created an account on the BTCPay Server instance hosted by yourself or a third party, you'll be greeted by your store's new home or, as we call it, your `dashboard`.
```
```suggestion
After you've created an account on the BTCPay Server instance hosted by yourself or a third party, you'll be greeted by your store's new home or, as we like to call it, your Dashboard.
```

![BTCPay Server Navigation](./img/walktrough/welcome-store.jpg "BTCPay Server Navigation")

All the settings in the left menu are meant for the Current Store you selected at the top. 

![BTCPay Server Navigation](./img/walktrough/selected-store.jpg "BTCPay Server Navigation")

* [Notifications](Walkthrough.md#notifications)
* Dashboard 
* [Settings](Walkthrough.md#store) **store settings** 
* [Wallets](Walkthrough.md#wallets)
    * Bitcoin
    * Lightning
* [Payments](Walkthrough.md#payments)

>     * Invoices

Reviewer: Maybe we can link to this pages since we have docs for most, if not all of them?

>     * Invoices

Reviewer: Maybe we can link to this pages since we have docs for most, if not all of them?

    * Requests
    * Pull Payments
    * Payouts
    * Pay Button
* [Apps](Walkthrough.md#apps) 
  + New App
* [Plugins](Walkthrough.md#plugins) 
  + Manage Plugins
* [Server Settings](Walkthrough.md#server-settings)
* [Account](Walkthrough.md#account)

## Store

Inside BTCPay, you can **create and manage an unlimited number of stores**. Each store has its own wallet, can create apps (Point of Sale or Payment Buttons and Crowdfunds) or be paired with external e-commerce software through one of the integrations available. Admin does not have control over the private keys of the other user's stores. For more information, check [Stores FAQ](./FAQ/Stores.md)

> - Store settings - Configure individual store settings, set up a derivation scheme for your wallet, adjust the number of confirmations or invoice expiration time, etc. Server admins can enable Lightning Network payments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Store settings - Configure individual store settings, set up a wallet and customize the payment experience for your customers. Server admins can enable Lightning Network payments.
```
```suggestion
- Store settings - Configure individual store settings, set up a derivation scheme for your wallet, adjust the number of confirmations or invoice expiration time, etc. Server admins can enable Lightning Network payments.
```

> - Store settings - Configure individual store settings, set up a derivation scheme for your wallet, adjust the number of confirmations or invoice expiration time, etc. Server admins can enable Lightning Network payments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Store settings - Configure individual store settings, set up a wallet and customize the payment experience for your customers. Server admins can enable Lightning Network payments.
```
```suggestion
- Store settings - Configure individual store settings, set up a derivation scheme for your wallet, adjust the number of confirmations or invoice expiration time, etc. Server admins can enable Lightning Network payments.
```

- Rates - Set the source for cryptocurrency to fiat [exchange rates for your store](./FAQ/Stores.md#how-to-change-the-exchange-rate-provider-for-invoices).
- Checkout experience - [Customize the appearance](./FAQ/ServerSettings.md#how-to-modify-the-checkout-page) of the checkout page, choose default coin, etc.
- Access Tokens - Tokens for [pairing the store to an integration](./WhatsNext.md#connecting-your-btcpay-store-to-your-e-commerce-platform)
- Users - Enable other users with a registered BTCPay account to access your store as either guest or owner.
- Pay Button - [Create a payment button](./WhatsNext.md#creating-the-pay-button) you can easily embed into your website.

## Notifications

Notifications inform the user that **an event has occurred on the BTCPay Server instance**.

> The event that is notified can be a received or failed payment, an overpaid or underpaid invoice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Such event could be a received or failed payment, an overpaid or underpaid invoice, a new BTCPay version and more.
```

> The event that is notified can be a received or failed payment, an overpaid or underpaid invoice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Such event could be a received or failed payment, an overpaid or underpaid invoice, a new BTCPay version and more.
```

> By clicking on the icon, you can access the Notifications page, where you can view past Notifications and optionally delete them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By clicking on the icon, you can access the `Notifications` page, where you can view past notifications and optionally delete them.
```
```suggestion
By clicking on the icon, you can access the Notifications page, where you can view past Notifications and optionally delete them.
```

> By clicking on the icon, you can access the Notifications page, where you can view past Notifications and optionally delete them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By clicking on the icon, you can access the `Notifications` page, where you can view past notifications and optionally delete them.
```
```suggestion
By clicking on the icon, you can access the Notifications page, where you can view past Notifications and optionally delete them.
```

Learn more about all BTCPay notifications [here](./Notifications.md).
 
## Dashboard

> Right now dashboard only shows the primary tasks of setting up BTCPayserver, more to come in future releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Right now, the dashboard only shows the primary tasks of setting up BTCPay Server, more to come in future releases.
```
```suggestion
Right now dashboard only shows the primary tasks of setting up BTCPayserver, more to come in future releases.
```

> Right now dashboard only shows the primary tasks of setting up BTCPayserver, more to come in future releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Right now, the dashboard only shows the primary tasks of setting up BTCPay Server, more to come in future releases.
```
```suggestion
Right now dashboard only shows the primary tasks of setting up BTCPayserver, more to come in future releases.
```

Three elements of the internal BTCPay Wallet are:
* Transaction - This shows your entire transaction history.
* Send - Used for sending funds out of your wallet (has to be signed and confirmed on a compatible hardware wallet).
* Receive - Used to generate a new address manually.
* Rescan - Enables you to import old wallets into BTCPay more easily and solves the gap limit issue most external wallets have.
* Pull Payments - Used to create and manage Pull Payments. For more information on this feature, check [Pull Payments](PullPayments.md).
* Payouts - Used to manage Pull Payment requests.
* PSBT - Used to sign multi-signature transactions through the PSBT standard.
* Settings - Used to view and adjust additional settings for your wallet.

### Lightning 

> Next to the BTCPay internal wallet is Lightning. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below the BTCPay internal wallet is Lightning. 
```

> Next to the BTCPay internal wallet is Lightning. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below the BTCPay internal wallet is Lightning. 
```

> Each store can connect with a Lightning node, either the internal lightning node or an external Lightning node. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each store can connect with a Lightning node, either internal node or an external one. 
```

> Each store can connect with a Lightning node, either the internal lightning node or an external Lightning node. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each store can connect with a Lightning node, either internal node or an external one. 
```

> Whenever you've set up the Lightning node, the Lightning wallet option enables in your BTCPayserver. 

Reviewer: I am not sure what you mean by this? Probably it's excessive.

> Whenever you've set up the Lightning node, the Lightning wallet option enables in your BTCPayserver. 

Reviewer: I am not sure what you mean by this? Probably it's excessive.

> Elements of this are : 
> * Display Lightning payments as standard in Satoshis.
> * Add hints for private channels to Lightning invoices. 
> * Include invoice fallback to on-chain BIP21.
> * Set description template for invoices. 
> * Enable LNURL 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This seems too much, and should be added to LightningNetwork.md instead.

> Elements of this are : 
> * Display Lightning payments as standard in Satoshis.
> * Add hints for private channels to Lightning invoices. 
> * Include invoice fallback to on-chain BIP21.
> * Set description template for invoices. 
> * Enable LNURL 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This seems too much, and should be added to LightningNetwork.md instead.

### Invoices

All of the **invoices** for your user account will be displayed here. You can filter the invoices by the status, order, item, store or date. You can also create invoices manually. Invoices are sorted by date from new to old. You can open an individual invoice for more information. Use the export button to save a file (.json or .csv).

For more information, check [Invoices](Invoices.md)

### Payment Requests

Each store can have an unlimited number of **payment requests** displayed here. Payment requests are dynamic invoices that can be shared by URL and paid at any time using current BTC exchange rates. Here you can edit and view your payment requests. You can see invoice details for your payment requests and clone previously created payment requests.

For more information, check [Payment Requests](PaymentRequests.md)

### Pull Payments

The feature of Pull payments is one we see fit for options like 
A subscription service, Refunds, Time Based billing for freelancers, Patronage, or a Balance withdrawal service. 
Up until version 1.4, there is no scheduling for this yet.
For a detailed description of the concept, please visit the [Pull Payments](PullPayments.md)

> Or you can watch the detailed instruction down below in the video.
> 

Reviewer: Too much imo for the walkthrough, they can watch a video on pullpayment.md
```suggestion
Or you can watch the detailed instruction down below in the video.

```

> Or you can watch the detailed instruction down below in the video.
> 

Reviewer: Too much imo for the walkthrough, they can watch a video on pullpayment.md
```suggestion
Or you can watch the detailed instruction down below in the video.

```

* [Prestashop](PrestaShop.md)
* [Drupal](Drupal.md)
* [Zapier](./Zapier/README.md) 

## Server settings

**Server settings** is something only a server admin can access. If you're using someone else's server, you won't see Server Settings. Inside the settings, you can perform tasks such as controlling users, rates, updating the server, etc. For more information, check [Server Settings FAQ](./FAQ/ServerSettings.md)

- Users - Add, remove or manage users of your BTCPay Server.
- Email server - If you want users to verify their e-mail address when registering set up the SMTP settings.
- Policies - Enable or disable user registration, e-mail verification, search engine indexing, display apps on website root.
- Services - gRPC, REST, and RTL are used for connecting your LN node, SSH keys, and uploaded file storage setup.
- Theme - Customize the front-end appearance of your BTCPay Server.
- Maintenance - Update your BTCPay to the latest version and clean your BTCPay by deleting unused docker images.
- Logs - Displays most recent logs of the BTCPay Server.
- Files - After enabling this feature in Services, upload external files and access them via URL.

## Account

> Manage your BTCPayserver Account. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manage your BTCPay Server account. 
```
```suggestion
Manage your BTCPayserver Account. 
```

> Manage your BTCPayserver Account. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manage your BTCPay Server account. 
```
```suggestion
Manage your BTCPayserver Account. 
```

> Change everything that is to do with your personal BTCPayserver account. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change anything related to your user-account.
```

> Change everything that is to do with your personal BTCPayserver account. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change anything related to your user-account.
```
